- Clone the repo onto your local machine with git clone.
- Start a python virtual environment in order to keep all dependencies in one place.
- Run the command "pip install -r requirements.txt" in order to download all dependencies for your project in your virtual environment.
- Run the gunicornrestart.sh script in order to kill any ongoing gunicorn processes and restart the gunicorn server.
- Anytime a change is made to any of the Django files, run the gunicornrestart.sh script in order to restart the server with the new changes that were made.
- A cronjob script that performs a GET request to the site has been provided for you. If you are NOT using a virtual environment (although it is strongly reccomended that you do) you can comment out the second line as it is not needed. Otherwise, you can use the crontab -e utility, which will pull up the cron file for editing, and provide the time which you wish to run using the cron syntax, followed by the path to the script you wish to run. You can set the job to run whenever you want and at whatever frequency, although running it more than once every day is probably not necessary. This cronjob that runs the script will provide you with a log file that returns information pertaining to the GET request that the script sends to the site, giving you valuable information about the site, such as the time the request was made. This can let you know if the site returns an error code and you can view the log to help determine what went wrong. More info on the linux cron job utility can be found here: https://www.hostinger.com/tutorials/cron-job
